#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.35.48
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.48
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
huggingface-hub==0.26.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via streamlit
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.10.0
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
opensearch-py==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pympler==1.1
    # via streamlit
pymupdf==1.23.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pymupdfb==1.23.7
    # via pymupdf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests-aws4auth
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
requests-aws4auth==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==13.9.3
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.3
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
streamlit==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.5.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   rich
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via streamlit
yarl==1.16.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata
